Documentation (#4)
pyvec/pyvo-bot: README.md

# pyvo-bot

A bot 🤖 which reminds people that the [Pyvo](https://pyvo.cz) meetup 🍻 is coming! 

## Usage

> Currently, the bot supports only [Telegram](https://telegram.org/) and can be found at https://t.me/pyvo_bot. The bot runs once per day here using the CircleCI build. It loads iCalendar feed of Pyvo Praha and checks when is the next meetup. If it's about to be soon, it notifies the [Pyvo Praha](https://t.me/pyvopraha) Telegram channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the bot supports only [Telegram](https://telegram.org/) and can be found at https://t.me/pyvo_bot. The bot runs once per day here using the GitHub Actions build. It loads iCalendar feed of Pyvo Praha and checks when is the next meetup. If it's about to be soon, it notifies the [Pyvo Praha](https://t.me/pyvopraha) Telegram channel.
```

Reviewer: (At least I thought it's gonna run here on GitHub, but it's your choice)

## Development

Initial setup:
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Run the code:
```bash
python3 main.py 
```

## To Do

* refactor code (functions could be more decoupled)
* write tests

> Contributions are welcomed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions are welcome. 
```

Reviewer: Not an English expert, but I think this is more correct?

Author: You're right! Both are grammatically correct and commonly used, but `welcome` is apparently more suitable for this situation.  

https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/2121/which-is-correct-feedback-is-welcome-or-feedback-is-welcomed
